
problem - ok, we need to make a expense tracker. This will have a total your balance, and below that will sho all your income and all your expense. 
then below that it will a history section of all the things that either got you to earn money or lose money. below that is an add new transaction, 
which has an input bar which user can input saying what caused loss/gain of money, and below that they can enter a negative or positive number,representing
money lost or gained. 

breaking down the problem. Ok, clearly we can have multiple components: totalBalance, history section, AddNewTransaction. totalBalance and history section
 would need to have access to all products, we can just declare it on app, but lets use context api for the sake of experience. So lets define a context 
 folder and define the Transactions Provider in their.  we will use Use context and content, use chatgpt so see the syntax for it. everything weill need 
 to have access to the transactions array, and be able to have delete and addTransactions function. we will call them in the specific function.
 use uuid4 to declare the id. we will define a reducer function, in in its own file in the context folder, which will have the ADD_TRANSACTIONS And the 
 DELETE_TRANSACTIONS, and that would be used to change the state from UserReducer. will predefine a state, copy from video for that.

 for total balance we will simply loop over it and update a balance state
 for history sections we wi ll use the useContext function, get the transactions, loop over them, and put them in a lit tag inside a ui tag.
 Add new transaction will have form with label, linked by id, for an text input. maybe use state if needed. make another input for number. 


lessons learnt: because of efficiency reasons, its best practices to keep react states as immutable, if you want to change it, then what you should do is 
make a copy of it. if you want to add something to an array, making nw array with spread out array, then at end give value you want to give 
at end of array. e.g:[...state.transactions, action.payload]

if you want to use a template string for class names, you first wrap everything in a bracket. 

sometimes if there is a css style isn't being applied, its because you have to refresh t he browser 

sometime when it come to like  a with statement, if you use something like a reducer function it may not recognize exactly what
some types are, and so you need to use as keyword assertion to tell it that. 